Haven't brought that yet
I don't like to take that
Come on.
I'm exhausted from having an engagement ceremony today
Why do you have to come back at night?
Baby, we are both married now.
Hurry up and get your dad to stamp my promotion
What are you in a hurry?
Afraid that I will run away
Of course my wife is so cute
It's so beautiful, of course I'm afraid you'll run away
Gao Yu, um, you really lied to me.
Didn't you ask me to go home and wait for you?
Why didn't you reply to my message?
Why are you here again?
Didn't you say that you were just acting with this woman?
That one?
Who did you use this with?
Explain clearly
Explain what, are you bothered?
Everything you said this afternoon was a lie
Stop messing around here, okay?
Don't you want money?
Wife
You go up first
I'll go down here.
Looking so old
I'm embarrassed to rob a man, it's disgusting
I'll leave someone like your husband to you.
I don't want to talk nonsense with him for one more second. Don't worry.
Do you want me to die?
I finally calmed my wife down
You're making trouble again
Wife
Do you really want to marry her?
You lied to me.
Otherwise, I will not marry the chairperson's daughter
Are you marrying a yellow-faced woman?
What can you give me?
Lin Yue
You don't think I'm really going to marry you, do you?
Wake up
Stop dreaming
All these years I have devoted myself to you and taken care of you
Have you forgotten?
I Love You
Are you sick?
How much is that worth?
The money I've spent on you over the years, you serve me
Shouldn't it?
If it weren't for me
You don't know which bridge you live under now, do you?
You come and accuse me now
I suggest you stay away now
Go back obediently
I'm still willing to help with your dad's affairs
There's 100,000 dollars in this card
Enough to see your mother
Take the money and get out
Leave me alone.